https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnLEj1Z1JdI
Office Deployment Tool
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/downl...

Office Configuration (XML)
https://config.office.com/deployments...


Office Installation
cd c:\office
setup.exe /download config.xml
setup.exe /configure config.xml


For Activation
C:\Program Files\Microsoft Office\Office16
cscript ospp.vbs /sethst:kms.03k.org
cscript ospp.vbs /act




Step 1: Download Office Deployment Tool
In the first step, head to the official Microsoft website to download the Office Deployment Tool. Watch as I guide you through the process of extracting the tool into five different files, setting the stage for the later installation of Microsoft Office.

Step 2: Create Microsoft Office Profile
In the second step, learn how to create a Microsoft Office profile using XML configuration. Choose the 32-bit or 64-bit version, select your preferred Office version, language packs, and additional software options. We'll then export the XML file into the Office folder, preparing for the installation.

Step 3: Install Microsoft Office
Follow along as we proceed with the installation of Microsoft Office in the third step. Using the Office Deployment Tool, you'll see how to download the XML configuration file and issue commands to initiate the installation process. Watch as Office installs on your computer seamlessly.

Step 4: Activate Microsoft Office
The final step involves activating Microsoft Office. Learn the two commands needed for activation and witness the successful activation process. I'll guide you through verifying the activation status using Microsoft Word, ensuring your Office suite is fully activated.

All the steps, along with additional backup information and resources, will be detailed in the video description. Check there for comprehensive instructions and helpful links.

Stay tuned for more tech freebies in upcoming videos! If you find this content helpful, don't forget to click the like button and subscribe to my channel. Thank you for watching, and enjoy your free and secure Microsoft Office activation!

